0.  How many different colors does each format support?
JPG: 16,777,216 colors (24 bit)
GIF: 256 colors (8bit)
PNG: 16,777,216 colors (24 bit)
BMP: 4,294,967,296 colors (32 bit)

1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
GIF

2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
The difference is that in lossy compression you actually lose data (pixels).
In lossless compression, the photo is compressed but it is done in such a way,
that you don't actually lose any of the original pixels. 

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
JPEG

4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
The computer doesn't actually "delete" the file but rather just forgets the address 
and mapping of the file in question. Therefore, the entire file is still there,
but the computer has allocated it as free space to be written on in the future. 

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
Buy or make software that makes it so that whenever you delete a file the computer writes over that area of the disk
so that it can't be read afterwards. 

6.  What’s stdint.h?
It's a header file that basically has different types defined in it. The ints have specific sizes rather than just being ints.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
They give you specific control of the length. You can't just use ints for example in a bmp file because if you did, the various ints would 
be too large. It also make it very clear as to what you are using. 

8. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
BYTE: 1
DWORD: 4
LONG: 4
WORD: 2

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
(Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
hex: 0x424d
ASCII: BM
(in the file they're reversed as 0x4d42) 

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
The BITMAPINFOHEADER structure contains information about the 
dimensions and color format.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
For uncompressed BMP files if biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
biBitCount

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
There is more than one possibility. However, line 37 is creating a file for writing. 
One example is that you may not have permission to write to the disk or that directory for example. 

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
Because you're only doing 1 read. Since you've specified the size of the header as the read you only need to do it once. 

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
3

16. What does fseek do?
It changes the position of the reading. Specifically, it offsets it by a specified amount. 
In copy.c it moves over the padding rather than reading it. 

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
This is the current position while reading a file. 

18. Rick Astley 
